=head1 NAME

ArrayBuffer - A byte data block

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use ArrayBuffer;
  
  $ab = ArrayBuffer->new (42);
  warn $ab->byte_length; # 42

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<ArrayBuffer> class can be used to wrap a byte data, in a similar
way to the JavaScript C<ArrayBuffer> objects.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $buffer = ArrayBuffer->new ($byte_length)

Create and return a new L<ArrayBuffer> object whose data block
contains a sequence of bytes whose length is specified as the
argument.  The argument must be a non-negative integer.

=item $buffer = ArrayBuffer->new_from_scalarref ($scalarref)

Create and return a new L<ArrayBuffer> object whose data block is a
byte string.

The argument must be a scalar reference.  It must reference a byte
string.  After the invocation of this method, the referenced scalar
value must not be directly read or modified by the application.

=item $scalarref = $buffer->manakai_transfer_to_scalarref

Return a reference to a byte string whose value is the bytes
represented by the L<ArrayBuffer>.  By the invocation of this method,
the L<ArrayBuffer> object is detached.

This method can no longer be used once the L<ArrayBuffer> is detached.

=item $byte_length = $buffer->byte_length

Return a non-negative integer representing the number of bytes in the
L<ArrayBuffer> data block.

This method can no longer be used once the L<ArrayBuffer> is detached.

=item $byte_length = $buffer->manakai_syswrite ($fh[, $length[, $offset]])

Invoke Perl's C<syswrite> with the buffer's data and return the result
of C<syswrite> (i.e. the number of bytes written).

The first argument must be a filehandle.

The second argument, if specified, must be the byte length to write.
The default is the number of the bytes in the buffer (after the
offset).

The third argument, if specified, must be the byte offset of the
written data in the buffer.  The default is zero.

This method can no longer be used once the L<ArrayBuffer> is detached.

This method throws a L<Streams::IOError> object if the C<syswrite>
call fails.

=item $string = $buffer->manakai_label

=item $buffer->manakai_label ($string)

Get or set the label of the buffer.  Any string can be set as the
label.  It is used as part of C<debug_info>.  The default is C<undef>.

=item $string = $buffer->debug_info

Return a string describing the buffer, which might or might not be
useful for development.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<TypedArray>, L<DataView>.

ECMAScript ArrayBuffer Objects
<https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-arraybuffer-objects>.

Streams Standard <https://streams.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2017 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
