=head1 NAME

Streams - Streams for Perl

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Streams;
  $rs = ReadableStream->new (...);
  $ws = WritableStream->new (...);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Streams> module loads L<ReadableStream> and L<WritableStream>
classes and additional utilities.

By C<use>ing this module, following classes are available:

=over 4

=item L<ReadableStream>

=item L<WritableStream>

=back

The perl-streams Git repository also has a subset of Perl variant of
Typed Array API, which consists of following modules:

=over 4

=item L<ArrayBuffer>

=item L<TypedArray>

=item L<DataView>

=back

=head1 QUEUING STRATEGY

Both L<ReadableStream> and L<WritableStream> constructors receive
optional queuing strategy.  A queuing strategy is a hash reference
with two key/value pairs:

=over 4

=item high_water_mark => $number

The expected queue size.  The value must be a positive number.

=item size => CODE

A CODE returning the size of a chunk.

The code is invoked with an argument.  The code is expected to return
the size of that value.

=back

Following functions constructing queuing strategies are available:

=over 4

=item $strategy = Streams::ByteLengthQueuingStrategy {high_water_mark => $number}

Return a new queuing strategy using byte length of chunks.  The
argument must be a hash reference whose C<high_water_mark> is the
expected byte length of the buffer.

=item $strategy = Streams::CountingQueuingStrategy {high_water_mark => $number}

Return a new queuing strategy using the number of chunks.  The
argument must be a hash reference whose C<high_water_mark> is the
expected number of chunks in the queue.

=back

These are expected to be equivalent to JavaScript Streams API, as
specified by WHATWG Streams Standard.

=head1 DEPENDENCY

Perl 5.8 or later is required.  The L<Scalar::Util> module, which is a
core module, is required.

These modules depend on L<Promise>
<https://github.com/wakaba/perl-promise>.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

The latest version of these modules are available at
<https://github.com/manakai/perl-streams>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Streams Standard <https://streams.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2017 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
