=head1 NAME

Streams::IOError - An error of Perl read/write operations

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Streams::IOError;
  $error = Streams::IOError->new ($!);
  warn $error->errno;
  warn $error->message;
  die $error;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Streams::IOError> class can be used to wrap a Perl's I/O error
value (i.e. C<$!>) to be treated as an exception object.

=head1 METHODS

There are following methods:

=over 4

=item $error = Streams::IOError->new ($!);

Create and return a new L<Streams::IOError> object.  The argument must
be a dual value (i.e. a value that can be evaluated both as a number
and as a string.

=item $error = Streams::IOError->new_from_errno_and_message (0+$!, ""+$!)

Create and return a new L<Streams::IOError> object.  The argument must
be an error number and an error message string.

=item $number = $error->errno

The error number.

=item $string = $error->message

The error message.

=item $string = $error->file_name

Return the file name of the location of the error.

=item $number = $error->line_number

Return the line number, in the file, of the location of the error.

=item $string = '' . $error

A short string describing the error object.

=back

An instance of the C<Web::DOM::Exception> class is implementing the
Perl Error Object Interface Level 1 (see L<Web::DOM::Error/ERROR
OBJECT API>
<https://github.com/manakai/perl-web-dom/blob/master/lib/Web/DOM/Error.pod#error-object-api>).

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2017 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
